hey
what am I looking for
can I do a bunch up no there you wanna
do straight in
alright you play my real replay by real
here looking really short clothes did
bad matchups acaba and I kind of agree
with that but it is hard to get out of
this question go it isn't it doesn't
appear in any way
okay let's get the droid cake that's
cool man Troy 3700 gray what was that
breaking ball doesn't kill anyways Wow
forty percent oh I think you do a baby
is it nah he tried he went for it he was
definitely trying to go baby
can we get one of these matches on von
shrink all right so chem test imagine
welcome to comic book playing right now
also the stream does not work it might
work for you guys but it's definitely
not working for me
oh wow I actually connect his real
parents in fact I know he brought his
hitbox primordia inside yeah I think Rio
is playing with the hitbox right now
okay I love how all these night wolves
to come out of the woodwork and i will
be showing up at final rounds it is the
home Atlanta Braves cancelled really
just testing the waters right now he's
trying to be careful airgas class
because of the country I mean the night
will reflect what it is working out for
him he hasn't been punished for it so
we'll see what happens oh that's reflect
with the saw you can't their eyes oh wow
I can't look like the bus all Rio having
a little fun with a little deployed game
here it's interesting oh yeah that's
katroo TGA dizzy moves on so to GGA guys
have won the first match
Hey oh good got a break gonna break
pumping that shoulder gets punished
there goes my poor punish usually that
is amazing that is not easy call I'll
Rio come to the suite is he doing drop
CX graph goes for the kick to the balls
it's Kampala her feelings